README.md, before:

# 🌍 The Jerusalem Fund Website

This project is a **Vue 3 + Vite** website that highlights the mission, history, and cultural initiatives of **The Jerusalem Fund** — a non-profit organization dedicated to education, culture, and humanitarian development for Palestine.

---

## 🏗️ Current Progress

✅ **Home Page** — fully completed, featuring:  
- Top bar and responsive navigation bar  
- Hero section with overlay and CTA buttons  
- About & impact cards  
- Featured article section  
- Blog section (main post + grid of articles)  
- Hope for Palestine banner  
- Upcoming events section  
- What We Do section  
- Footer with contact and social links  

✅ **Who We Are Page** — completed:  
- Header and breadcrumb  
- “Our Mission” and “Our Values” sections with visuals  
- Board of Directors & Meet Our Staff sections  
- Integrated `Header.vue` and `Footer.vue` components  

✅ **History Page** — newly added:  
- Breadcrumb header (`The Jerusalem Fund - About Us - History`)  
- Founder card for *Hisham Sharabi* with overlay text  
- Full organizational history content  
- Modern, responsive layout  

🚧 **Next Steps:**  
- Build **Events**, **Blog**, and **Contact** pages  
- Improve responsiveness for tablet & mobile  
- Integrate dynamic content (API or CMS)

---

## ⚙️ Technologies Used

- 🧩 **Vue 3** (Composition API)  
- ⚡ **Vite** (Fast development & build tool)  
- 🎨 **HTML5**, **CSS3**, **JavaScript (ES6)**  
- 🖼️ **Font Awesome** (Icons)  
- 📱 **Responsive Layouts**  

---

## 🚀 Run Locally

```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/Sadeen2/The-Jerusalem-Fund.git

# Navigate to project folder
cd The-Jerusalem-Fund

# Install dependencies
npm install

# Start local development server
npm run dev

```
---

## 🎨 Based on Figma Design  
🔗 [**View Design on Figma**](https://www.figma.com/design/wutwQ8hFDh01h2Zg2NeeGQ/The-Jerusalem-Fund)

---

## 👩‍💻 Author  
**Sadeen Ryahi**  
💡 Front-End Developer | Vue.js | Passionate about design & web development  
🔗 [LinkedIn Profile](https://www.linkedin.com/in/sadeen-ryahi-ce/)

Commit message:

Updated README with new pages: Board of Directors & Contact Us

README.md, after:

# 🌍 The Jerusalem Fund Website

This project is a **Vue 3 + Vite** website that highlights the mission, history, and cultural initiatives of **The Jerusalem Fund** — a non-profit organization dedicated to education, culture, and humanitarian development for Palestine.

---

## 🏗️ Current Progress

✅ **Home Page** — fully completed, featuring:  
- Top bar and responsive navigation bar  
- Hero section with overlay and CTA buttons  
- About & impact cards  
- Featured article section  
- Blog section (main post + grid of articles)  
- Hope for Palestine banner  
- Upcoming events section  
- What We Do section  
- Footer with contact and social links  

✅ **Who We Are Page** — completed:  
- Header and breadcrumb  
- “Our Mission” and “Our Values” sections with visuals  
- Board of Directors & Meet Our Staff sections  
- Integrated `Header.vue` and `Footer.vue` components  

✅ **History Page** — completed:  
- Breadcrumb header (`The Jerusalem Fund - About Us - History`)  
- Founder card for *Hisham Sharabi* with overlay text  
- Full organizational history content  
- Modern, responsive layout  

✅ **Board of Directors Page** — newly added:  
- Grid layout for board member profiles  
- Hover effect with name and title overlay  
- Responsive structure for all screen sizes  

✅ **Contact Us Page** — newly added:  
- Two-column layout with contact info and inquiry form  
- Contact icons using **Font Awesome**  
- Section for **Location & Parking** with images  
- Fully responsive and aligned with website theme  

🚧 **Next Steps:**  
- Build **Events** and **Blog** pages  
- Enhance tablet and mobile responsiveness  
- Connect forms to EmailJS or backend API  
- Optimize SEO and accessibility  

---

## ⚙️ Technologies Used

- 🧩 **Vue 3** (Composition API)  
- ⚡ **Vite** (Fast development & build tool)  
- 🎨 **HTML5**, **CSS3**, **JavaScript (ES6)**  
- 🖼️ **Font Awesome** (Icons)  
- 📱 **Responsive Layouts**  

---

## 🚀 Run Locally

```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/Sadeen2/The-Jerusalem-Fund.git

# Navigate to project folder
cd The-Jerusalem-Fund

# Install dependencies
npm install

# Start local development server
npm run dev

```
---

## 🎨 Based on Figma Design  
🔗 [**View Design on Figma**](https://www.figma.com/design/wutwQ8hFDh01h2Zg2NeeGQ/The-Jerusalem-Fund)

---

## 👩‍💻 Author  
**Sadeen Ryahi**  
💡 Front-End Developer | Vue.js | Passionate about design & web development  
🔗 [LinkedIn Profile](https://www.linkedin.com/in/sadeen-ryahi-ce/)
